- * ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR
* ONE, TWO, THREE,
FOUR, FIVE, SIX *
* SHAKE IT, DUDE
*
* ONE, TWO, DO IT
* ONE, TWO, THREE
- * FOUR, FOUR
*
[dance music]
[both giggling]
*
- WHOA-OH!
HE'S TOO HOT TO BE A COASTER.
- THAT'S THE MAGIC OF ECSTASY.
EVERYBODY LOOKS GOOD.
- GOOD? HE'S PRACTICALLY
A SUPERHERO.
ALL HE NEEDS IS
A SPANDEX BODYSUIT
AND HE'S READY
TO SAVE THE UNIVERSE.
- THERE.
HOW'S THAT?
- NOW HE JUST NEEDS
AN INSIGNIA ON HIS CHEST.
- A LIGHTNING BOLT?
UH, AN ATOM?
- AN "E."
- [laughs]
- "E"!
- AND A MASK, OF COURSE.
- OF COURSE!
- [giggles]
- OH! AND A CAPE?
- CAPES ARE SO LAST CENTURY.
BUT HE DOES NEED
A SUPERPOWER.
HE WOULDN'T BE A SUPERHERO
WITHOUT ONE.
- HOW ABOUT PARALYZING BEAMS
THAT RADIATE FROM HIS DARK,
SMOLDERING BEDROOM EYES?
- OH, BETTER YET,
THE DE-MATERIALIZER RAYS
THAT SHOOT FROM
THE MEGA-BLASTER
HE KEEPS CONCEALED
IN HIS SUPER-SHORTS.
- [laughs]
- WHAT ARE YOU GIRLS
ALL GIGGLY ABOUT?
- OKAY. NO MORE DRUGS FOR YOU.
- AH!
- THEN HOW ABOUT ANOTHER
ROUND OF DRINKS, ON ME?
- WHAT'S THE OCCASION,
YOUR ONE BILLIONTH REJECTION?
- BETTER.
THE NOMINATIONS
FOR THE GAY PORN AWARDS
WERE JUST ANNOUNCED, AND GUESS
WHO'S BEING RECOGNIZED
FOR HIS OUTSTANDING
ACHIEVEMENT?
NONE OTHER THAN JERK@WORK'S
VERY OWN FETCH DIXON.
- AH.
- THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
- OH-HO, HEY!
- AWESOME.
- THAT'S SO GREAT.
- WAIT TILL YOU TELL EMMETT,
HE'LL BE SO EXCITED.
- IT'S ALWAYS GRATIFYING TO BE
RECOGNIZED FOR YOUR HARD WORK.
- AH.
- AH, HE COULD REALLY USE IT.
ESPECIALLY AFTER ALL
HE'S BEEN THROUGH.
- I CAN'T WAIT TO READ HIM
THE OFFICIAL LETTER.
"DEAR MR. SCHMIDT,
"THE ACADEMY OF PORNOGRAPHIC
ARTS AND SCIENCES
"IS PLEASED TO INFORM YOU
"THAT THE STAR
OF YOUR PORN SITE,
"FETCH DIXON, HAS BEEN
NOMINATED FOR THE COVETED
"CRYSTAL DICK AWARD
AS INTERNET NEW-CUMMER
OF THE YEAR."
WELL?
ISN'T THIS FANTASTIC?
- YEAH.
IT'S VERY NICE.
- NICE?
YOU KNOW...
IT'S NOT EVERY DAY
THAT SOMEONE GETS NOMINATED
FOR A CRYSTAL DICK.
THAT'S HUGE.
- I SUPPOSE.
- ALL RIGHT,
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
I'LL HIRE A LIMO
TO DRIVE US, OKAY?
REALLY MAKE A EVENT
OUT OF IT.
GO IN STYLE.
- HMM.
THANKS, TEDDY, I DON'T...
REALLY FEEL MUCH
LIKE CELEBRATING.
- I KNOW, EM, BUT...
IT'S THE GAY PORNO AWARDS!
[chuckles]
YOU KNOW?
YOU OWE IT TO YOURSELF
TO GET OUT, HAVE SOME FUN.
- I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE IF GEORGE WERE
STILL HERE TO ENJOY IT WITH ME,
I MIGHT CONSIDER IT.
BESIDES, I STILL HAVE A LOT
OF THINGS TO DO, YOU KNOW,
AND...
LIKE, FIGURE OUT
WHAT TO SAY AT HIS FUNERAL.
- YOU PLAN ON SPEAKING?
- YEAH.
I WANT EVERYONE TO KNOW
HOW WONDERFUL HE WAS,
WHAT WE SHARED.
BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY,
I STILL NEED TO SAY GOODBYE.
NEVER REALLY HAD THE CHANCE.
- WELL...
THEN YOU SHOULD.
[indistinct chatter]
- YOU TWO LOOK LIKE SHIT.
- WHY DON'T YOU?
- E-MAN SAVED ME.
- [laughs]
JESUS, YOU DIDN'T
KEEP THAT?
- ARE YOU KIDDING?
IT'S FAN-FUCKING-TASTIC.
- MUST BE THE DRUGS TALKING.
- NO, IT'S ME,
AND IT GOT ME THINKING.
- [scoffs]
THAT'S ALWAYS A DANGEROUS SIGN.
- DO YOU MIND?
I'M TRYING TO HAVE
A CONVERSATION
WITH YOUR BOYFRIEND.
AFTER THEY KILLED OFF
CAPTAIN ASTRO,
PEOPLE HAVE BEEN COMING
INTO MY COMIC BOOK STORE
LOOKING FOR A GAY SUPERHERO,
YOU KNOW, TO TAKE HIS PLACE,
BUT HE DOESN'T EXIST.
THAT'S WHEN IT CAME TO ME.
WHY WAIT FOR SOMEONE ELSE
TO CREATE HIM?
WHY DON'T WE JUST
CREATE HIM OURSELVES?
- YOU MEAN, DO OUR OWN COMIC?
- WHY NOT?
- OKAY, IT'S TIME
FOR YOUR MEDICATION.
- WHAT--
PEOPLE MAKE THEIR OWN FILMS,
THEY WRITE BOOKS
AND SCREENPLAYS.
WHY IS IT SO CRAZY?
- WELL FOR ONE THING, I DON'T
KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT COMICS.
- I DO.
IT'S MY BUSINESS.
I'VE BEEN READING THEM
ALL MY LIFE.
I COULD COME UP
WITH A MILLION STORIES,
EXCEPT I CAN'T DRAW
FOR SHIT.
YOU CAN.
- WOULD BE KIND OF COOL.
- WHAT DO YOU SAY WE GET
TOGETHER AND JUST BRAINSTORM?
- YEAH.
I GUESS WE COULD
GIVE IT A TRY.
- FINALLY, YOU TWO BOYS WILL
HAVE SOMETHING IN COMMON
BESIDES ME.
AND WHAT A RELIEF
NOT TO BE THE CENTER
OF EVERYONE'S UNIVERSE.
- [laughs]
[imitates flying whoosh,
laser blast]
- [moans in agony]
- I GOT YOU.
DON'T WORRY.
OKAY, ONE MORE STEP.
OH, THAT'S IT.
- [whines]
- ALL RIGHT.
OKAY.
OPEN YOUR EYES.
- WOW.
UH...
WHAT AM I LOOKING AT?
- [laughs]
MY NEW STUDIO.
OR AT LEAST THE WAY
I'VE IMAGINED IT, SEE?
I'VE MARKED WHERE
EVERYTHING SHOULD BE--
THE SINK,
THE SHELVES...
- OH. IS THAT--
IS THAT A SKYLIGHT?
- IT'LL GIVE THE PLACE
A NICE, LIGHT, AIRY FEEL,
DON'T YOU THINK?
- I THINK IT'LL
GIVE OUR BANK ACCOUNT
A NICE, LIGHT,
AIRY FEEL TOO.
- HEY, ANYBODY HERE?
- IN THE ATTIC!
- THE STUDIO.
I KNOW MONEY'S AN ISSUE,
WHICH IS WHY
I'VE DONE MY RESEARCH.
I'VE PRICED
ALL THE MATERIALS.
- WHAT ABOUT THE PLUMBERS,
ELECTRICIANS,
CARPENTERS--
UH, SKYLIGHT GUYS?
- NEW FAN BELT'S HERE.
IF YOU CAN SPARE YOUR WHEELS,
I'LL POP IT IN RIGHT NOW.
[chuckles]
WHOA.
KILLER SPACE.
- IT'S GOING TO BE
MY NEW STUDIO.
- COOL.
- LEEDS, YOU KNOW RENO.
CAN YOU PRICE THIS?
- HMM.
WELL...
IF YOU USE A CONTRACTOR...
MY GUESSTIMATE'S TEN.
BUT THEN, THEY ALWAYS SAY
TO DOUBLE IT.
- [whistle]
THAT'S A SIZEABLE
CHUNK OF CHANGE.
TOO SIZEABLE.
- UNLESS, OF COURSE,
I DO IT FOR YOU.
- OH, WE COULDN'T
POSSIBLY ASK THAT.
- WHO'S ASKING?
I'M OFFERING.
- YEAH, IT STILL SOUNDS
LIKE IT'LL COST A BUNDLE.
- IT JUST SO HAPPENS THE DYKES
I'M HOUSE-SITTING FOR
ARE BACK FROM
THEIR CLEANSING IN INDIA,
AND THAT I'M GOING
TO NEED A PLACE TO CRASH.
- AND WE HAVE A COUCH.
- I GET A ROOF OVER MY HEAD,
COMPLETE WITH SKYLIGHT,
AND IN EXCHANGE,
YOU GET YOUR STUDIO.
- WELL, I THINK IT SOUNDS
LIKE THE PERFECT SOLUTION.
- EXCEPT, AS YOU KNOW,
AN ARTIST'S STUDIO
IS A PRIVATE, PERSONAL SPACE.
I'D LIKE TO BE ABLE
TO CREATE IT FOR MYSELF.
SO, THANK YOU
FOR THE OFFER, LEDA, BUT...
NO, THANKS.
- WELL, WHEN DO WE START
ACCIDENTALLY LOSING FINGERS?
- HOW ABOUT THIS?
A YOUNG SCIENTIST IS DOING
AN EXPERIMENT IN RADIATION
WHEN HE GETS--
- BITTEN BY A RADIOACTIVE BUG?
- YEAH!
- THAT'S SPIDER-MAN.
- OH.
KING OF THE SEAS.
HE BREATHES--
- UNDERWATER.
THAT'S AQUAMAN.
- ARGH!
OKAY, I KNOW, I GOT IT.
- HE'S SENT TO EARTH
BY HIS PARENTS
WHEN HE'S JUST A BABY RIGHT
BEFORE HIS PLANET EXPLODES.
WHEN HE GETS HERE, HE DISCOVERS
HE HAS ALL THESE SUPERPOWERS.
- YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME.
- WELL, THEN,
YOU THINK OF SOMETHING.
YOU'RE THE ONE
WITH A MILLION GREAT IDEAS.
- WELL, UNFORTUNATELY,
THEY'VE ALL
BEEN PREVIOUSLY
THOUGHT OF.
- WELL, MAYBE
WE SHOULD JUST FORGET IT.
- NO, IT--
IT'LL COME TO US, I KNOW.
- WE'VE BEEN SITTING HERE
FOR HOURS.
- YOU CAN'T RUSH
A BRILLIANT IDEA.
- [scoffs]
[sighs]
[treadmill beeping]
[footfalls]
- YOU KNOW,
WHOEVER OUR GUY IS,
HE DOESN'T HAVE TO BE
YOUR STANDARD
SUPERHERO STEROID CASE.
- IT'S HIS MIND
THAT MAKES HIM SEXY.
- IT'S HIS
FIERCE INDIVIDUALISM...
- THAT GIVES HIM COURAGE.
- HIS UNCOMPROMISING
MORAL CODE...
- THAT MAKES HIM STRONG!
- WHAT IF HIS DISGUISE
IS THAT HE'S
A COLD-HEARTED AD EXEC BY DAY...
- DEFENDER OF QUEERS BY NIGHT.
- [laughs]
- NOW, ALL WE NEED
IS A NAME.
- OKAY.
[smack]
- FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT!
[clatter]
[both laugh]
- THE FURY?
- PISSED-OFF MAN.
- RAGE.
- * MY LOVE IS DEEP
- IT'S GENIUS!
[funky music]
*
- ONCE YOU'VE CLEARED THIS,
YOU CAN WORK ON
THOSE PIECES OVER THERE.
- YES, SIR.
- MR. HONEYCUTT,
PLEASE ACCEPT
MY MOST SINCERE CONDOLENCES.
- THANK YOU, JONATHAN.
AND MINE TO YOU.
I, UH--
I CAN'T IMAGINE
HOW GEORGE WILL MANAGE
UP THERE WITHOUT YOU.
- HE'S IN FAR
MORE CAPABLE HANDS NOW.
I EXPECT YOU'VE COME
FOR YOUR THINGS.
ALLOW ME TO GET THEM
FOR YOU.
- ACTUALLY,
I'D PREFER TO DO IT MYSELF.
I'D, UH--I'D LIKE TO BE
IN HIS ROOM ONE LAST TIME.
AND, UH--AND I WAS
KIND OF HOPING TO, UH,
TAKE A LITTLE SOMETHING
TO REMEMBER HIM BY:
HIS, UH, HIS SNUGGLY
OLD RED CARDIGAN.
- JONATHAN, GO GET
MR. SCHICKEL'S SWEATER.
- I'M SO SORRY,
MRS. SCHICKEL.
I KNOW GEORGE'S PASSING
MUST BE A TREMENDOUS LOSS.
- I DON'T KNOW HOW
I'LL MANAGE TO FILL THE VOID.
CAREFUL WITH THAT.
IT'S VERY VALUABLE.
- I'M SURE
YOU'LL FIND A WAY.
- NOW, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
THERE'S SO MUCH I HAVE TO DO.
- I CAN IMAGINE.
BACK HOME,
WHEN SOMEONE PASSED AWAY,
MY MOTHER AND AUNT LULAH
WERE COOKING FOR DAYS.
- COOKING?
- W-WELL, INSTEAD OF
MAKING THE FUNERAL
INTO A MOURNFUL OCCASION,
WE TRIED TO TURN IT INTO
A CELEBRATION
OF OUR LOVED ONE'S LIFE.
THAT'S, UH, THAT'S WHAT I PLAN
TO DO AT GEORGE'S SERVICE.
- WELL, THAT'S VERY SWEET,
BUT REALLY, IT'S NOT NECESSARY.
- IT'S NECESSARY FOR ME.
- WELL, UNFORTUNATELY,
THERE WON'T BE TIME.
YOU SEE, GEORGE
WAS A VERY IMPORTANT MAN.
THERE'LL BE MANY...
PROMINENT SPEAKERS TOMORROW,
CEOs, POLITICAL
AND SPIRITUAL LEADERS.
OH, HERE'S THE SWEATER
YOU REQUESTED.
TAKE IT,
ALONG WITH YOUR MEMORIES.
I'M SURE THEY'LL
GIVE YOU GREAT COMFORT.
- I WANT HIM TO HAVE
A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT LOOK,
LIKE NO ONE'S
EVER SEEN BEFORE.
- AND DIFFERENT STORIES,
YOU KNOW?
NOT JUST THE SAME OLD STUFF
YOU SEE IN STRAIGHT COMICS.
YOU KNOW, OUR GUY'S GAY.
HE LIVES IN A GAY WORLD.
- HE HAS GAY SEX.
- AND WITH HIS SUPERPOWERS,
PLENTY OF IT.
- SO, WHAT KIND OF STORIES?
- WELL, THERE WAS THIS ONE STORY
I WAS THINKING ABOUT, BUT...
- WHAT?
- NEVER MIND.
- WELL, COME ON, TELL ME.
WE'RE PARTNERS NOW.
WE GOTTA SHARE
WHAT'S ON OUR MINDS,
IT DOESN'T MATTER HOW DUMB.
- [clears throat]
I WAS THINKING RAGE
COULD SAVE THIS KID'S LIFE...
AFTER HE'S BASHED.
SEE, I TOLD YOU
IT WAS A DUMB IDEA.
I NEVER SHOULD'VE BROUGHT IT UP.
I'M SORRY.
- I THINK IT'S A GREAT IDEA.
- YOU DO?
I MEAN,
IT'S AWFULLY PERSONAL.
- WELL, THE BEST ART
USUALLY IS.
BESIDES, I WANT
TO TALK ABOUT IT.
TROUBLE IS, NO ONE
SEEMS TO WANT TO LISTEN.
I MEAN, THEY WANT TO PRETEND
IT DIDN'T HAPPEN.
- WELL, NOW'S YOUR CHANCE.
- AND IT COULD BE HOW RAGE
MEETS THE LOVE OF HIS LIFE.
- I THOUGHT RAGE
DIDN'T BELIEVE IN LOVE.
- HA!
WE'LL LET HIM THINK THAT.
- [laughs]
[sultry music]
- * HEY, EVERYTHING YOU DO
* MAKES ME FEEL
SOMETHING NEW *
* HEY, EVERYTHING YOU DO
[door sliding shut]
- YOU'RE UP.
- LOOK AGAIN.
AND YOU'RE LATE.
IT'S AFTER 3:00.
- IT DOESN'T COUNT.
I WAS WITH MICHAEL.
- ALL FUCKING NIGHT?
- IT FELT LIKE FIVE MINUTES.
AND THE STUFF WE CAME UP WITH
IS AMAZING.
IT'S LIKE WE
SHARE THE SAME BRAIN.
- YOU GET IT MONDAY,
WEDNESDAY, AND FRIDAY,
AND HE GETS IT TUESDAY
AND THURSDAY?
- HA.
- WHAT'S THAT?
- OH, IT'S RESEARCH.
MICHAEL WANTS ME
TO STUDY THE ILLUSTRATIONS,
TO SOAK IT ALL IN.
CHECK OUT THIS ONE.
- COME OVER HERE.
[phone rings]
[scoffs]
[beep]
WHAT?
- PUT JUSTIN ON, QUICK.
- IT'S FUCKING 4:00
IN THE MORNING.
- CREATIVITY DOESN'T
PUNCH A TIME-CLOCK.
- OH, MY GOD,
THAT IS SO PROFOUND.
CAN YOU HOLD ON A MINUTE
WHILE I WRITE IT DOWN?
- YOU FREAK.
- I JUST GOT THIS IDEA
AND I COULDN'T WAIT.
- WHAT?
QUICK, TELL ME.
- MAYBE WE COULD HAVE, LIKE,
A CHIROPRACTOR AS A VILLAIN--
- WHAT--
- NIGHTY-NIGHT, MIKEY.
[beep]
- THAT WAS IMPORTANT.
- SO IS THIS.
- [grunts]
MMM.
[groans]
THAT FEELS...
GOOD.
[light snoring]
- [sighs]
- I CAN'T THINK OF ANYTHING
MORE REWARDING AND RELAXING
THAN RENOVATING
AN OLD ATTIC.
AND IT'S SO SIMPLE.
YOU JUST NEED A FEW TOOLS
AND SOME WELL-CHOSEN MATERIALS,
AND IN NO TIME, THAT EMPTY SPACE
WILL BE TRANSFORMED
INTO A COZY LIVING AREA
THAT IS SURE TO BE ONE
OF YOUR FAVORITE PLACES
IN THE HOUSE.
I KNOW MINE IS.
AND, MOST IMPORTANTLY,
IT'LL BE...
[snaps fingers]
A SNAP.
- WHO'S THIS CRAZY BITCH?
- IT'S A REMODELING VIDEO.
- THE SALESPERSON
AT THE HARDWARE STORE
SAID TO FOLLOW ALONG
AND DO EXACTLY AS SHE DOES.
- WELL, THEN,
YOU'VE ALREADY FUCKED UP.
- HOW'S THAT?
- YOU'RE NOT WEARING PEARLS.
- LET'S MEASURE
OUR PLYWOOD LENGTHWISE.
HERE'S A TIP
THAT I JUST LOVE--
I ALWAYS KEEP A TAPE MEASURE
ON MY KEY CHAIN.
THAT WAY, IF ANYTHING
REQUIRES...
- UH, 'SCUSE ME, GIRLS?
- HUH?
- THAT'S THE WRONG WAY.
- WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
- WHEN IT COMES TO MEASURING
WOOD, I'M AN EXPERT.
- YEAH, OKAY.
AH.
SEE HOW EASY THIS IS?
I TOLD YOU
WE DON'T NEED LEDA.
- DO I DETECT A NOTE
OF JEALOUSY?
- OF LEDA?
[laughs]
NO, DON'T BE RIDICULOUS.
- WELL, THEN WHY THE FUCK
DIDN'T YOU LET HER HELP YOU OUT?
- THAT'S WHAT I'D LIKE TO KNOW.
- I ALREADY TOLD YOU.
WE CAN DO IT OURSELVES.
- "WE CAN DO IT OURSELVES."
- [scoffs]
- THERE, SEE HOW EASILY
THE PLYWOOD CUTS?
THAT NICE, CLEAN EDGE.
AND NEVER LET SAWDUST
GO TO WASTE.
I COLLECT UP EVERY PARTICLE
AND STORE IT IN THE FREEZER.
IN THE SPRING,
I'LL MIX IT WITH FRESH SOIL
AND HAVE AN INTERESTING
AND INEXPENSIVE MULCH
FOR MY GARDEN.
[saw whirs]
- [screams]
HEY, HEY, WHOA!
HEY, WATCH WHERE
YOU POINT THAT THING.
- YES, YES!
- WHAT KIND OF A DYKE ARE YOU?
YOU CAN'T EVEN HANDLE
A POWER TOOL?
- OH, GO AWAY
AND PLAY WITH YOUR SON.
- WHILE YOU'VE STILL
GOT YOUR LEGS.
- YEAH, YEAH.
DON'T WE PUT IT OVER THERE?
- GO WITH THE LINES.
WE MARKED IT ALREADY.
- [snaps fingers]
IT'S A SNAP.
- GEORGE LOVED HIS CITY.
HE LOVED HIS COMPANY.
BUT MOST OF ALL,
HE LOVED HIS FAMILY.
I'M REMINDED
OF A STORY THAT HE
AND HIS DEVOTED WIFE, VIRGINIA,
ONCE RELAYED TO ME.
ONE DAY, THEIR DAUGHTER FRANKIE
CAME HOME FROM SCHOOL,
UPSET TO HAVE LEARNED
OF HUNGRY CHILDREN,
VICTIMS OF AN EARTHQUAKE
IN SOUTH AMERICA...
- THIS IS SOME EVENT.
EVERYBODY
WHO'S ANYBODY'S HERE.
- YEAH, EVERYBODY WHO DIDN'T
WANT ANYTHING TO DO WITH GEORGE
WHEN HE WAS ALIVE.
ALL THE MORE REASON
I'M GLAD I CAME.
LET'S FIND A SEAT.
- A FAMILY MAN
CARING FOR FAMILIES.
THAT'S WHAT GEORGE SCHICKEL
WAS ALL ABOUT.
AND I, FOR ONE,
WILL MISS HIM DEEPLY.
- WE'VE HEARD MANY TRIBUTES
TO GEORGE SCHICKEL
THIS AFTERNOON.
IT'S OBVIOUS
THAT THIS MUCH BELOVED MAN
NOT ONLY BROUGHT NOURISHMENT
TO THE WORLD...
- GO ON.
- THROUGH THE PICKLE
THE PEOPLE PREFER...
- NOW'S YOUR CHANCE.
- BUT ALSO
EMOTIONAL NOURISHMENT...
- JUST DO IT.
- TO HIS FAMILY,
TO HIS COMMUNITY,
INDEED TO ALL
OF PITTSBURGH.
- UM, I'D LIKE
TO SAY SOMETHING.
[crowd murmuring]
- SORRY, SIR, IT'S FOR FRIENDS
AND FAMILY ONLY.
- I AM A FRIEND.
I'M MORE THAN A FRIEND.
T-TAKE YOUR--
LET GO OF ME!
- OKAY, ALL RIGHT,
LOOK, ALL RIGHT,
JUST TAKE YOUR HANDS
OFF OF HIM!
LEAVE HIM ALONE.
- TEDDY!
- JUST TAKE YOUR HANDS
OFF OF HIM!
- WILL EVERYONE PLEASE RISE
FOR THE 23rd PSALM?
- * EVERY DAY'S A PARTY
* EVERY DAY'S A PARTY
* GOTTA PARTY EVERY DAY
- ALL RIGHT.
GOOD--WAIT.
THAT'S REALLY GOOD.
COULD YOU MAKE HIS JAW
A LITTLE WIDER?
[laughs]
THAT'S PERFECT.
IT LOOKS JUST LIKE--
- EXCUSE ME, HAS ANYONE SEEN
MY FUCKING FLOOR?
- UH-OH!
DON'T GET HIM MAD.
- YEAH, OR HE'LL EMIT
HIS TELEKINETIC DEATH STARE
AND MAKE YOUR HEAD EXPLODE.
- [chuckles]
THAT'S ONE OF HIS POWERS.
HE CAN CONTROL YOUR MIND
WHENEVER HE WANTS.
- YEAH, WELL,
WHAT I WANT IS MY LOFT.
- WAIT, DON'T TOUCH THOSE.
- HEY, THOSE ARE IN SEQUENCE!
DON'T WALK THAT WAY.
- WELL, HOW THE HELL AM I
SUPPOSED TO GET TO MY BEDROOM?
- GO AROUND.
- YEAH.
- UH-HUH.
HEY!
- [sighs]
SO HERE IS WHERE ZEPHYR
TRIES TO STOP RAGE
FROM USING
HIS HETERO-BLASTER.
DO YOU THINK ZEPHYR
COULD BE A LITTLE TALLER
AND HAVE BIGGER PECS?
- WHAT FOR?
- WELL,
HE IS RAGE'S BEST FRIEND.
HE'S--HE SHOULD LOOK
ALMOST AS GOOD.
- YOU GOT IT, ZEPH.
- YOU KNOW,
SPEAKING OF PECS,
IT'S "CHEST OF DEATH" NIGHT
AT BABYLON.
- MM-HMM.
- OKAY.
- SO GET READY.
- WE GOTTA FINISH THIS FIRST.
- WE'LL MEET YOU THERE.
- WELL, JUST REMEMBER,
ALL WORK AND NO DICK
MAKE MIKEY AND SUNSHINE
DULL BOYS.
[cheers and applause]
- BRING IT DOWN,
BRING IT DOWN, BRING IT DOWN.
OKAY, WE'RE DOWN
TO OUR SIX FINALISTS.
WHO'S THE MAN WITH
THE HOTTEST PECS IN PITTSBURGH?
OOH. HONEY,
ARE THOSE NIPPLES
OR BATHTUB STOPPERS?
[laughter]
ALL RIGHT, BOYS.
COME ON, NOW,
LET'S MAKE SOME NOISE!
LET'S HEAR IT, BABYLON.
LET'S HEAR IT.
THAT'S IT, YOU KNOW HOW.
[cheers and applause]
- TO BE THROWN OUT,
LIKE SO MUCH GARBAGE.
- I KNOW, IT WAS AWFUL.
- BY THOSE TWO HUGE,
BRUTAL MONSTERS.
- UNDER OTHER CIRCUMSTANCES,
IT MIGHT'VE BEEN HOT.
- GUESS I'LL NEVER GET
TO SAY MY SPEECH NOW.
- YOU CAN SAY IT TO ME.
I'LL LISTEN.
- THANKS, TEDDY, I--
WOULDN'T BE THE SAME.
- EM...
- SOMETHING TELLS ME
WE'VE BEEN STOOD UP.
- OVER A COMIC BOOK.
- MORE THAN JUST A COMIC BOOK.
THERE'S NOTHING AS SEXUAL
AS THE ACT OF CREATION.
WHEN I--WHEN I'M WRITING,
AND IT'S--
IT'S POURING OUT OF ME,
I SWEAR TO GOD, I'M LIKE,
COMPLETELY TURNED ON.
SOMETIMES, I EVEN
GET A HARD-ON.
- IS THAT WHAT THEY MEAN
BY "STROKE OF GENIUS"?
- IT'S THE FUCKING
GREATEST ORGASM THERE IS.
- YOU HAVE YOUR ORGASMS
BETWEEN THE PAGES,
I'LL HAVE MINE
BETWEEN THE SHEETS.
- NUMBER FIVE,
DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING YOU'D
LIKE TO GET OFF YOUR CHEST?
HOW ABOUT ME?
[laughter]
- I BET IT'S THE SAME
WITH MICHAEL AND JUSTIN.
- CAN I HEAR A LITTLE NOISE
FROM OVER HERE?
- WHAT THEY'RE SHARING
IS THE MOST INTENSE FORM
OF INTIMACY THERE IS.
NOTHING, NOT EVEN
THE HOTTEST FUCK IN THE WORLD,
CAN COME CLOSE.
- OKAY, NOW...
SWEETIE...
- SO HOW ABOUT ANOTHER DRINK,
WHILE OUR BOYFRIENDS
ARE CHEATING ON US.
- WE'RE NOT GONNA MAKE
HIM TALK, DON'T WORRY.
NOW, COME ON, BOYS.
NOW LET'S MAKE SOME NOISE.
COME ON, BABYLON.
TAKE IT UP, COME ON.
THAT'S IT, BRING IT UP.
- SEE?
I TOLD YOU WE COULD DO IT.
- YEAH, WE DID IT ALL RIGHT.
IT'S A MESS.
- IT'S NOT SO BAD.
AFTER WE PLASTER IT OVER,
THE FEW LITTLE IMPERFECTIONS
WON'T EVEN SHOW.
[clears throat]
- INSTALLING YOUR NEW SINK
WILL BE...
[snaps fingers]
A SNAP.
- EVERYTHING WITH THIS BITCH
IS A SNAP.
- WE'VE ALREADY ATTACHED IT
TO THE WALL,
AND IT ONLY TOOK
20 MINUTES.
- TRY 7 HOURS AND 20 MINUTES.
- NOW, LET'S CONNECT THE SINK
TO OUR PIPES.
- TAKE YOUR WRENCH...
GOT IT.
- AND IN A STRONG,
CIRCULAR MOTION,
TWIST THE END OF THE PIPE,
LIKE SO.
THAT'S IT.
GIVE IT A NICE STRONG GRIP.
YOU'LL FIND THIS--
- MEL, CAN YOU HELP ME OUT HERE?
- NOW WE CAN ATTACH OUR PIPES.
IT'S A SNAP.
- [ grunts]
[both screaming]
- LUCKILY, WE TURNED OFF
THE WATER MAIN FIRST,
OR WE'D HAVE A DISASTER
ON OUR HANDS.
- DIDN'T YOU TURN OFF
THE WATER?
- I WAS GOING TO,
BUT THEN YOU SAID,
"NO, I'LL TURN IT OFF."
- NO, THAT WAS THE POWER.
I TURNED OFF THE POWER
WHEN I DID THE WIRING.
- YOU MEAN, WHEN YOU
BLEW OUT THE FUSES!
- THERE, NOW YOU HAVE
RUNNING WATER IN YOUR ATTIC.
- COME ON IN.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
A LITTLE CONTEST OF OUR OWN.
- SOME POWER PECS?
- POWER PECKERS.
- [laughs]
- CAREFUL, DON'T--
DON'T STEP ON ANYTHING.
IT--IT'S ALL IN SEQUENCE.
RISE AND SHINE, SUNSHINE.
SHIT.
- GO DOWN, GO DOWN.
YEAH.
MM-HMM, THAT'S RIGHT.
- PARTY'S OVER.
- COME ON, JOIN US.
- THE PARTY'S OVER.
GET YOUR CLOTHES ON.
PUT YOUR CLOTHES BACK ON!
- WHAT THE FUCK?
WHAT THE FUCK?
- JUST GET OUT, OKAY?
GET OUT!
GO!
- FUCK YOU.
[intense music]
*
FUCK, FUCK!
[relieved sigh]
*
[laughs]
FUCK.
*
[relieved sigh]
- [sighs]
[sighs]
- WHAT THE FUCK?
- I THOUGHT YOU WERE BEN.
- I THOUGHT YOU WERE BRIAN.
- I GUESS WE FELL ASLEEP.
- YEAH.
BRIAN?
- HE MUST'VE SLEPT
ON THE COUCH.
- MICHAEL.
- HOLY SHIT!
DID YOU DO THIS?
- DID YOU?
- ANSWER US.
- YOU ARE TOTALLY FUCKED.
- HOW DARE YOU
PISS ON OUR WORK?
- DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
THE HOURS
THAT WE PUT INTO THAT?
- WE WANT AN EXPLANATION.
- BESIDES THE FACT THAT YOU'RE
THE WORLD'S BIGGEST PRICK.
- WELL,
DON'T JUST SIT THERE!
- SAY SOMETHING.
- COME ON, LET'S GO.
ONE LAST THING.
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO'S PATHETIC.
- GIVE ME A MINUTE
BETWEEN ROUNDS,
THEN YOU CAN HAVE A GO
AT ME.
- ARTICLE 14
OF THE SUPER-MOM HANDBOOK
SAYS NO KICKING ASSHOLES
WHEN THEY'RE DOWN.
THEY'D TAKE AWAY MY HALO.
- I'M NOT AN ASSHOLE,
I'M JUST DRAWN THAT WAY.
- WELL, I'M SORRY
TO DISAGREE WITH YOU, KIDDO,
BUT THIS TIME,
THE LIKENESS IS ACCURATE.
- I THOUGHT YOU WEREN'T
GOING TO BEAT ME UP.
- LET ME FINISH.
BUT I UNDERSTAND.
'CAUSE YOU'RE JEALOUS.
- I DON'T DO JEALOUS.
JEALOUS IS FOR LESBIANS.
- WELL, THEN, YOU'D BETTER
START LIKING PUSSY,
'CAUSE YOU GOT A LITTLE
GREEN-EYED MONSTER INSIDE YOU
THAT IS EATING YOUR GUT.
- YOU MEAN
THAT'S NOT THE COFFEE?
- [chuckles]
I FIGURED YOU'D HAVE
SOME SMART-ASS REMARK
AND DENY YOUR FEELINGS
AS ALWAYS.
BUT YOU DON'T FOOL ME.
'CAUSE IF YOU DIDN'T
LOVE THEM AS MUCH AS YOU DO,
YOU WOULDN'T GIVE A SHIT
THAT THEY'RE
SPENDING TIME TOGETHER
AND SHARING SOMETHING
YOU'RE NOT A PART OF.
WHAT YOU DON'T GET IS,
THAT THEY FEEL
THE SAME WAY ABOUT YOU,
EVEN MORE SO.
THEY WORSHIP THE GROUND
YOU WALK ON,
OR CAN'T YOU SEE IT?
YOU'RE THEIR FUCKING HERO.
AT LEAST YOU WERE.
[bell chimes]
[indistinct chatter]
- IT'S THE NIGHT OF NIGHTS,
WHAT EVERYONE IN THE INDUSTRY
HAS WAITED FOR ALL YEAR.
WHEN THE GRANADA INN
IS TRANSFORMED
INTO AN X-RATED XANADU.
THEN, AFTER THE CEREMONIES,
THERE'S THE GOVERNOR'S BALL.
EVERY PORN STAR
WILL BE THERE, IN PERSON.
ZACK O'TOOL, ROGER MOREHEAD,
WILL HARDIN.
ONLY, THIS TIME...
YOU'RE ONE OF THEM, EMMETT,
THE POSSIBLE NEW-CUMMER
OF THE YEAR.
- PICKLE?
- DID YOU HEAR
WHAT I JUST SAID?
- YOU KNOW, WHEN
I PUT GEORGE'S SWEATER ON...
I FEEL LIKE HIS ARMS
ARE STILL AROUND ME.
[chuckles]
HIS, UH--HIS SMELL'S
STILL ON IT.
THAT, UH--
THAT DELICATE COMBINATION
OF VANILLA AND...
DILL.
- EMMETT, GEORGE WOULDN'T
WANT YOU TO BE A HERMIT.
- HE WAS ONE,
FOR YEARS.
AND NOW I UNDERSTAND WHY.
- LISTEN TO ME.
IF YOU LET THOSE PEOPLE
TAKE YOUR PRIDE,
THEN THEY'VE WON.
IT'S MORE IMPORTANT THAN EVER
THAT YOU GET OUT AND CELEBRATE.
- CELEBRATE WHAT, THAT I
WHACKED OFF ON YOUR WEB SITE?
- THAT YOU MADE
A LOT OF PEOPLE HAPPY--
ESPECIALLY GEORGE.
- SORRY, TEDDY.
- WELL, ALL RIGHT.
WELL, THAT WAS MY LAST
AND MY BEST PLEA.
[sighs]
IF YOU WIN,
I'LL ACCEPT YOUR CRYSTAL DICK
AND TELL THE WORLD
HOW PROUD I AM OF YOU.
[door closes]
- FUCKING ASSHOLE,
HE RUINED EVERYTHING.
- AT LEAST WE BACKED UP
EVERYTHING ON YOUR COMPUTER,
OTHERWISE,
WE'D REALLY BE FUCKED.
- YEAH, NOW WE JUST
HAVE TO REPRINT EVERYTHING
ON ANOTHER COUPLE
HUNDRED DOLLARS' WORTH
OF INKJET PAPER.
- WE'LL SEND BRIAN THE BILL.
- [scoffs]
- LOOK, WE BOTH KNOW HOW
HE CAN GET WHEN HE'S PISSED.
- WHAT, THAT WE'RE
DOING A COMIC BOOK?
- WELL, WE DID KIND OF
EXCLUDE HIM.
- WE WERE WORKING.
- IN HIS PLACE.
IN HIS FACE.
LAST NIGHT,
WE EVEN WOUND UP IN HIS BED.
- IT'S NOT LIKE WE
WERE FUCKING.
- WELL, I GUESS EVEN A SUPERHERO
CAN MORPH INTO A JERK.
- DON'T TELL ME
YOU'RE GONNA FORGIVE HIM.
- WHO SAID THAT?
- [scoffs] KNOWING YOUR GUYS'
DYSFUNCTIONAL HISTORY,
YOU'D PUT UP
WITH ANYTHING.
- WELL,
YOU'LL BE HAPPY TO KNOW
THAT EVEN A GLUTTON
FOR PUNISHMENT
EVENTUALLY GETS HIS FILL.
- ALL THIS TIME,
I'VE BEEN FOOLING MYSELF,
THINKING HE LOVES ME.
- HE DOES LOVE YOU.
YOU SAW HIS FACE
THIS MORNING.
WE COULD'VE REMOVED
HIS TEETH WITH PLIERS
AND HE WOULD'VE LET US.
- MAYBE WE SHOULD'VE.
HE DESERVES IT.
- WELL, AT LEAST NOW WE KNOW
WHAT RAGE'S FATAL WEAKNESS IS,
AND IT ISN'T KRYPTONITE.
[cheers and applause]
- LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
PLEASE WELCOME
LAST YEAR'S WINNER
FOR BEST BOTTOM IN A GANGBANG
AND THREE-TIME NOMINEE
FOR BEST JERK-OFF, SOLO,
BUFF THOMPSON
AND JASON COX.
[cheers and applause]
- WOW, JACE.
THREE-TIME NOMINEE
FOR BEST JERK-OFF.
ARE YOU UP THIS YEAR?
- I'M UP EVERY YEAR, BUFF.
[laughter]
MAYBE THIS TIME,
I'LL PULL IT OFF.
- DON'T PULL IT OFF,
OR YOU'LL NEVER WIN.
[laughter]
NOW, LET'S GET
TO THE NOMINEES.
- IN THE PORN SITE CATEGORY,
THE NOMINEES
FOR BEST NEW-CUMMER
OF THE YEAR ARE...
- MAX PULLMAN.
- HARRY LYNCH.
- FETCH DIXON.
- JOEY HORN.
- AND THE WINNER IS...
both: FETCH DIXON.
[cheers and applause]
- YES! YES!
OH, YES!
YES! WHOO!
OH, YEAH, BABY.
WHOO!
[cheers and applause]
OH, WOW.
OHH. OH. OH.
ALL THOSE YEARS
WATCHING JASON COX,
I CAN'T BELIEVE I FINALLY
GOT TO SHAKE HIS HAND.
[sniffs]
AHH, THE HAND.
OH, MY GOD.
[sighs]
TO BE HOLDING
A CRYSTAL DICK...
[laughter]
SUCH A THRILL.
[sighs]
[stammering]
OH, I'M NOT, UH,
FETCH, UH, DIXON.
UM, I'M--
I'M HERE, UH,
ACCEPTING FOR HIM TONIGHT,
UH, BECAUSE HE WAS--
- BECAUSE...
[cheers and applause]
BOYS...
WITHOUT YOU, TED SCHMIDT,
I-I WOULD NEVER
BE HERE TONIGHT.
[cheers and applause]
[clears throat]
- LOVE YOU!
- THANK YOU.
UM, THIS AWARD,
UH, MEANS A LOT TO ME,
MORE THAN
YOU'LL EVER KNOW.
IF I HADN'T BEEN ON, UM--
[clears throat]
JERK@WORK.NET,
I NEVER WOULD'VE MET
THE MOST WONDERFUL MAN
I'VE EVER KNOWN,
GEORGE SCHICKEL.
- SHICKEL'S PICKLES?
- THE PICKLE PEOPLE PREFER?
- UM, I, UH,
I HAVE THIS SPEECH PREPARED.
DIDN'T THINK
I'D GET A CHANCE TO READ IT.
TO THE WORLD,
GEORGE SCHICKEL WAS A MAN
OF PROMINENCE AND WEALTH.
BUT TO ME,
HE WAS JUST GEORGE.
LOVING, AFFECTIONATE,
A BOY AT HEART
WHO JUST WANTED TO LOVE
ANOTHER BOY.
I WAS LUCKY ENOUGH
TO BE THAT BOY.
I LIKE TO THINK I BROUGHT
A LITTLE FUN INTO HIS LIFE,
BUT WHAT HE GAVE ME
WAS SO MUCH MORE,
SOMETHING ALL HIS MONEY
COULDN'T BUY.
HE MADE ME F-FEEL
LIKE I WAS SOMEBODY.
I LOVE YOU, GEORGIE.
WHAT WE HAD FOR A--
FOR A FEW SHORT MONTHS
WAS MORE THAN MOST PEOPLE
HAVE IN A LIFETIME.
THANK YOU.
[cheers and applause]
- [inaudible murmur]
[big band music]
*
- I'M GLAD YOU TWO DAMES
FINALLY CAME TO YOUR SENSES.
IF YOU'D MADE
ANY MORE OF A MESS,
I'D HAVE TO DETONATE,
NOT RENOVATE.
[sarcastic laughter]
- OKAY, WE KNOW, WE KNOW.
WE REALLY SCREWED UP.
- BIG TIME, BABE.
BUT, IT'S NOT TOO LATE.
- SO HOW LONG DO YOU THINK
IT'LL TAKE TO UNDO THE DAMAGE?
- ALL DEPENDS ON
THE TRIANGLE OF EXPECTATION.
- HUH?
- ALL RIGHT.
- UH-HUH.
- YOU CAN HAVE IT
FAST AND CHEAP,
BUT IT WON'T BE GOOD.
YOU CAN HAVE IT GOOD AND FAST,
BUT THAT WON'T BE CHEAP.
OR YOU CAN HAVE IT
CHEAP AND GOOD,
BUT IT WON'T BE FAST.
- SO IN OTHER WORDS,
IT'LL BE READY NEXT TU B'SHEVAT.
- OR CHRISTMAS,
WHICHEVER COMES FIRST.
- BUT NOT TO WORRY,
LADIES...
[rock music blares]
YOU WON'T EVEN KNOW I'M HERE.
- OH...
- OH.
HMM.
- WELL, GOOD NIGHT, LEEDS.
- GOOD NIGHT,
SUGAR-LIPS.
- I'LL BE RIGHT UP.
I JUST WANT TO SAY HOW GRATEFUL
I AM YOU'RE DOING THIS,
AND HOW HAPPY I AM
YOU'RE HERE.
- YOU AND ME BOTH, OTHERWISE,
I'D BE SLEEPING IN THE PARK.
- ALTHOUGH I MUST ADMIT,
I HAD MY RESERVATIONS.
- I KNOW.
BUT YOU'VE GOT NOTHING
TO WORRY ABOUT.
MEL LOVES YOU VERY MUCH.
- THANKS.
- WHAT THE FUCK?
- EVERYTHING'S BACK.
- CAREFUL, BOYS.
DON'T STEP ON ANYTHING.
- ALL RIGHT, KINNEY,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
- I READ YOUR SHIT.
IT'S FUCKING GOOD.
AND THE ARTWORK IS...
ART.
BUT THAT'S TO BE EXPECTED.
- DON'T TRY TALKING
YOUR WAY OUT OF THIS
WITH COMPLIMENTS,
DICKHEAD.
- YEAH, AND DON'T THINK
THAT JUST BY PUTTING
EVERYTHING BACK
THE WAY IT WAS
WE'RE JUST GOING TO FORGET.
- YOU OWE US AN APOLOGY.
- SO START BEGGING.
- I'M SORRY.
- [scoffs]
- THAT'S NOT GOOD ENOUGH.
- WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU
WANT ME TO DO, GROVEL?
- MEAN IT!
- WHAT I DID WAS IMMATURE,
CHILDISH, VINDICTIVE.
IT WAS AN ACT OF CRUELTY
BASED ON IRRATIONAL FEARS
AND UNFOUNDED JEALOUSY.
IF I WERE THE TWO OF YOU,
I'D NEVER SPEAK TO ME AGAIN.
- THAT'S BETTER.
- THAT'S REALLY GOOD.
- SO WHY IS IT
THAT I PREFER YOU
WHEN YOU'RE SHAMELESS
AND UNAPOLOGETIC?
- NOW, HERE'S THE DEAL.
FINISH YOUR WORK,
AND BUILD UP MY CHIN.
I'M A SUPERHERO,
FOR CHRIST SAKES.
AND WHEN YOU'RE DONE,
I'LL PUT TOGETHER
A MARKETING CAMPAIGN
THAT'LL MAKE EVERY FAG
ON THE INTERNET
WANT TO BUY IT.
THAT IS, IF...
YOU WANT ME TO.
- DEAL.
[dance music]
OKAY, SO WHERE'D
WE LEAVE OFF?
- OH, YEAH, WHERE, UM...
ZEPHYR GETS JEALOUS.
- [laughs]
GREAT.
RAGE TOOK J.T. BACK TO HIS LAIR
AT THE TOP OF GAY-OPOLIS.
- RIGHT.
- THEN THEY HAD AMAZING SEX.
- WAIT, WHERE'S ZEPHYR?
- I DON'T KNOW.
GETTING HIS TIGHTS DRY CLEANED?
- YOU KNOW, ZEPHYR CAN HAVE SEX
ONCE IN A WHILE TOO.
*
- * HAVE MERCY
* HAVE MERCY
*
* THE OCEAN DEEP
* MY LOVE IS DEEPER
*
* THE OCEAN DEEP
* MY LOVE IS DEEPER
*
* THE OCEAN DEEP
* MY LOVE IS DEEPER
*